Add ERC7579 Account and validator modules (#5250)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/grumpy-eels-argue.md

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': minor
---

> `MultiERC1271Validator`: An ERC7579 validator module that allows multiple ERC1271 signers to validate a single user operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MultiERC1271Validator`: An ERC-7579 validator module that allows multiple ERC-1271 signers to validate a single user operation.
```
